Jan sweep (#3856)
conda/conda-build: docs/source/resources/build-scripts.rst

package has its own script or list of files to include. The rules for these
outputs are documented at :ref:`package-outputs`. When any output is defined,
this overrides the default behavior of bundling anything in ``$PREFIX``. So

> to out put multiple packages from a single recipe, remove any installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to output multiple packages from a single recipe, remove any installation
```
